I think a lot of people get put in positions that they're they're not
very comfortable with it. It's a part of the quality of being in the
Navy. If you're put in a position that you don't want to be in, um,
the things you can do is you can apply to other things. Um, if that's
not really big option, then you can actually look for the positive
things that are in your job and maybe have some kind of lateral rotation
if if if if you're not really digging it. So, for instance, when
I was in the Tech pub library, we actually have to, like, go up
and, you know, like change these books. Um, there are other jobs down
in the shop that, you know, I could use my, uh, computer science experience
with so maybe actually logging all of the books. I was actually
more of a computer science person rather than, like, you know,
like someone who wanted to, like, get books and go to these These,
uh, these lockers and exchange books. So maybe there's something within
the community that you're in that you don't have to change their
jobs for, but um that you could do that instead. Um, other. Otherwise,
yeah. You might just have toe, uh, tough it out for the year or
two that you're doing that job.